このレポートから何ができるようになりますか？ (What capabilities or conclusions does this report enable?)
Which tasks, computations, or proofs does this report enable or facilitate?
「SECTIONS」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the SECTIONS section?)
In what form are the main results presented in SECTIONS? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If SECTIONS contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「SECTIONS:」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the SECTIONS: section?)
In what form are the main results presented in SECTIONS:? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If SECTIONS: contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「topic」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the topic section?)
In what form are the main results presented in topic? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If topic contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「methods」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the methods section?)
In what form are the main results presented in methods? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If methods contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「results」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the results section?)
In what form are the main results presented in results? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If results contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「theorem」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the theorem section?)
In what form are the main results presented in theorem? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If theorem contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「proof」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the proof section?)
In what form are the main results presented in proof? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If proof contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「conclusion」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the conclusion section?)
In what form are the main results presented in conclusion? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If conclusion contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
「conjecture」セクションから何が得られますか？ (What can be obtained from the conjecture section?)
In what form are the main results presented in conjecture? (equation, algorithm, experiment, example)
If conjecture contains formulas, list the main functions/symbols used and their role.
Which parts of the report can be turned into reproducible code or experiments? Provide locations and brief plan.
What conjectures or open problems are suggested by the report? Provide references to supporting snippets.
What are possible next research directions suggested by this report?
Which equations would you try to formalize in a proof assistant? List candidates and why.
